feat(curriculum): Add English tasks B1 Block 19 (#60375)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-use-adjectives-in-conversations/681c7ff87d166bfc3e54cc37.md

# --explanation--

`Highlights` means to bring attention to something as especially important. For example:

`The report highlights key trends in the market.` – This means the report focuses attention on the most important patterns.

`Most important` refers to what matters the most or has the highest value in a group. For example:

`The most important factor is safety.` – This means safety is more important than the others.

`Right away` means something happens immediately. For example:

`She answered the email right away.` – This means she replied without waiting.

# --scene--

```json
{
  "setup": {
    "background": "interview-room3.png",
    "characters": [
      {
        "character": "Alice",
        "position": {
          "x": 50,
          "y": 0,
          "z": 1.4
        },
        "opacity": 0
      }
    ],
    "audio": {
      "filename": "B1_19-2.mp3",
      "startTime": 1,
      "startTimestamp": 19.74,
      "finishTimestamp": 26.42
    }
  },
  "commands": [
    {
      "character": "Alice",
      "opacity": 1,
      "startTime": 0
    },
    {
      "character": "Alice",
      "startTime": 1,
      "finishTime": 7.68,
      "dialogue": {

>         "text": "That sounds really good, Jake. You used "robust" and "cost-effective", which highlights the most important qualities right away.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "text": 'That sounds really good, Jake. You used "robust" and "cost-effective", which highlights the most important qualities right away.',
```

>         "text": 'That sounds really good, Jake. You used "robust" and "cost-effective", which highlights the most important qualities right away.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "text": "That sounds really good, Jake. You used 'robust' and 'cost-effective', which highlights the most important qualities right away.",
```
